beard placement brazil and italy
Brazil playing a football
defensive
collaborate
no creativity
if the boy played outside making fashion romance scene
nobody
The ball was in the hands of nothing.
and you at the bank
ok the impala
goes for overtime
he did not lack a bit of courage, said the attacker knows
he
the vine itself
that does not look like it's too simple
ii lippi
not that he has the face of the vega keeper
more
I think I missed a bit
of courage that has the museum from 7 to 17 years
in the same time
was 17 years old
from 7 to 10 dub he had when he went to buy
Sweden
There will be reason for missing it.
he had no experience
Have you played in professional football?
the time magician in europe
only in europe in the north to 4 in the south of bahia never boasting word of the paraná
was going beyond prolongation
the other states are the purchase is bad at the beginning of the day but as
playing or not
drama voting against avaí is old with time
I do not have
there is nothing changed
but his stepfather
The same happens with pmn one
ask to come in and ask to leave these things there you should not keep
to the boy's house
but to play not because
there was another bike has the right to hide people I always try to respect
his decision
in the premiere and I respected a good one has a fantastic story of 4 94
that I was kind of
tip 16 years make 17
and I do almost everything ready the roma player kid but abused
walked me what was his
Taken care of, faith if things do not go
most experienced player with the kid is climbing
and had one time while me while his state my friends was 'quiet'
that the Romanian wanted me to play wanted the attack to be me and linda
prom
He got there. I'll give the interview. He said that I want you.
play you just follow me and it will be all right
panel he gave interview
That week everyone started asking me to play like this.
the training aside
there they came to ask me I said no
in my humility and not afraid to speak knows what to say in the program
I want to play but who decided on a vine
intrude
an answer
quiet throughout the interval
just the next day of romario
if you win the strong title
at home the brat because artur wants to play in the caribbean
now when I say bigeye speaks that wants to play on the outside wants to play the
green coach
he said that the calendar of the sport
If you're on the side of Yes, Mr. Lula.
it is due to the fact of the world she however disregarded times a year
Just kidding
and now you think dunga
it was called
the courage
that he had with felipão decided to call at that moment
at a time of internal crisis
do you think the
dunga called you
joel I think it will depend a lot on my first semester
né the centenary year of the corinthians will dispute
I think it's there.
that I'll have q
nowadays I would not call you myself
do not think the selection to a very good standard
grandson to play very well
but I'll do it without a doubt
a great effort perhaps the biggest of my silver career in the selection
Brazilian
everything will depend on the first semester I will be very committed to
to deserve it
and we're not going to commit ourselves to quell either
I should not have slept at the wheel.
is now being released with all the characters in the world
d
every year
So the program was done.
out of 81
to 2009
captain pm
this item all here
the two must invest
in the afternoon here
I want to give you a gift of cst address
francisco and araripe the director of novels
final writing martino decided to resume discussions
I wanted bee town.
I'm sure that 12
I tried in vain
to worship
do not expect
cadore
enough liquid another winner of the farm and June but finally do not miss
his son was serious would be more appropriate
I know it's not easy
it was little how it is
I also liked it more
we got to the end of it in the papers
I hope it is the first of many
and I know I was still at the bottom of the fight for access
what matters is that he would have stolen
herrera who entered without a coalition
it occurred
the chamber
tel
every goal
I'm going to do this much abused club of one thing I never asked anyone
other operations is new
calm
without hesitating
through the word
thank you very much